right guys I'm just about to show you
that I've installed a six terabyte drive
into my PlayStation 4 in the middle of
the gaming session is or just to give
you an idea of what the performance is
like and I've also tested this with the
three terabyte drive works perfectly
fine go under system storage you see
that after the formatting and the
operating system reserves you're left
with about five point four terabytes of
free space almost total space story and
free space obviously just under 5.1
terabytes because I've got 312 of games
installed on there now that might be
overkill for for some people but with me
I don't like switching my games out by
having to reinstall delete reinstall
delete reinstall delete them you know
again and again I'd rather have access
to all of them at once that way if I do
decide to play a random amount of games
you know at any one time which I do I do
often change and I can just simply
insert the disk and click you know so
the instant option is for me I totally
understand the kind of people that want
to sort of go for the the performance
increases of a hybrid drive so an sshd
or even a solid-state drive
you know that's finite - I respect those
decisions but for me I can't justify
sacrificing such a huge amount of raw
capacity you know for me the capacity
always wins and as you can see from me
running around searching in and out of
the game scrolling through these titles
and menus going into the PlayStation
Store and backing out of the PlayStation
Store back into the game running around
again I am playing with one hand so
please bear with me um back into the
store it's sinston taneous for me these
these levels of performance are very
very exciting acceptable they're very
reasonable and I'd rather choose that
get the raw capacity you know than
anything else and as I've said three
terabyte drive does work I tested that
myself
I've also I've not tried it sorry with
the 4 terabytes but if it's supporting
up to 6 it will easily support anything
below that including the for how you set
it up is very easy you take
you take off the cover and take out the
standard drive as you would do in any
normal operating procedure you then get
a SATA extension cable that yellow one
there you plug it inside the where then
standard drive was plug it back in there
you close the lid once you close that
lid that's it you're done with the
PlayStation port you then put the other
end of that yellow cable into your 3.5
inch drive which is inside an enclosure
of your choice you just power it on
that's it that's the physical setup done
after that you reinstall the firmware
again as you would have done in any
standard upgrade and you've got five
point four terabytes of space to play
with I purchased this particular drive
from sorry
amazon.com because it's not available in
the UK but it cost me $300 which works
out to one hundred and eighty pounds and
within the UK you're paying about sort
of thirty pounds just up just around
eight pounds per terabyte so six
terabytes would have cost me almost one
hundred and eighty pounds anyway I think
come up 275 pounds something like that
but just round it up 180 so it's a very
worthwhile purchase Amazon does ship to
the UK there are there are obviously I'm
shipping fees and handling fees and you
know certain taxes to sort take care of
but that came up to an extra $30 on top
so it's an extra 18 pounds you know on
top of the 180 and then that's worth it
I mean if you're really after the
capacity and extra 18 pounds to pay it's
nothing you know well worth it yeah if
you want to have a lower size drive you
know not as large as a six but above the
two then yeah you can use a three
terabytes I've tested that four
terabytes will work because six is
supported but obviously such large
capacities aren't for you you know you
want anything below two terabytes then
you can just use a standard 2.5 inches
which do go offer you up to two
terabytes of of data and I think that
about covers that you've seen an example
of gaming session you've seen the
performance and a navigation through the
various menu menus and titles you've
seen me go back in and out of the
PlayStation Store you know various times
and it's I would say it's very
acceptable is it's more or less
instantaneous I'll do a quick trophy
sink
and there you go that's that's done as
well so yeah you know if you want a six
terabyte drive inside your Playstation 4
technically it's not really inside but
you get the drift you want it all hooked
up you can do up to six terabytes I
would have loved to test it with the
with the 8 terabytes but I think that
would have been overkill price plus them
because the drive is so rare I think it
was costing me sort of like four hundred
pounds which is which is over $600 I
remember something like there was it was
some stupidly ridiculous price for an
extra 2 terabytes when I was getting
this for 180 you know is over double the
price so yeah you know hope this helps